i
Then I don't believe it
Just a Valkyrie
Turning the sky upside down in our financial world
Exactly.
No matter how hard your fists are, they can't defeat this gold and silver mountain
No matter how fast you move
It's faster than the stock's daily limit and its daily limit
How can you compare to the height?
What about the Temple of Wealth?
But it's just a brave action
I don't think he even knew there was a temple of wealth
A supreme being
A mere temple of wealth
Let you tell the amazing truth
Like Nezha
Never be rude to the Temple of Wealth
The God of Wealth
Even the entire financial world
Exists who dare not move
Then if I say as long as I want
You can make your Fang family this next week
The head of Zhongming Liu's family
How what?
You laugh at you as a Valkyrie
Third-rate mixed blood who fights and sweats
How dare you say such arrogant words in the referee?
Who do you think you are?
Miss Fang Lin relies on her wisdom
Only then did the Fang family become a world celebrity
You are still the number one celebrity in the world
This one.
I have known the Lord Zhencai of the Temple of Wealth for many years
As long as I want my word, he has to call
Who would dare to speak freely here?